Where can I find more information about CHARUSAT college?
For more information on CHARUSAT is <a href="https://www.charusat.ac.in/">here</a> Click on link.

Is there any facility of Hospital?
Yes , In CHARUSAT Hospital facility is available.

What is the full form of CHARUSAT?
A CHARUSAT stands for Charotar University of Science and Technology.

How many Programs are there?
There are total 8 program for Undergraduate and Postgraduate : 1.Engineering & Technology 2. Computer Application 3. Management Studies 4. Applied Sciences 5. Pharmacy 6. Physiotherapy 7. Nursing 8. Paramedical Sciences. and PH.D. programs is also there.

How many institutes are there in Engineering & Technology?
There are 2 institutes : 1. CSPIT  2. DEPSTAR

How many Institutes are there in CHARUSAT?
1.CSPIT 2.DEPSTAR 3.CMPICA 4.RPCP 5.PDPIAS 6.ARIP 7.MTIN 8.CIPS

Is hostel available?
Yes , CHARUSAT campus has 4 Girls hostels and Outside Campus Boys hostel is also there.

How many seats available in different departments in DEPSTAR?
DEPSTAR has total intake of 300 Seats with Computer Engineering (120 seats), Computer Science & Engineering (120 seats) and Information Technology (60 seats).

How many seats available in different departments in CSPIT?
Started with 240 seats with four Bachelor Degree Engineering Programs in the year 2000, the institute now has total intake of 690 seats in 7 programs of Bachelor Degree and 108 seats of Post Graduate Degree.

Which branch for Engineering in DEPSTAR?
Total 3 branch: Information Technology(IT) ,Computer Science & Engineering(CSE) and Computer Engineering(CE).

Which program offered for Engineering in CSPIT?
Total 7 branch: Information Technology(IT) ,Computer Science & Engineering(CSE), Computer Engineering(CE) ,Civil Engineering, Electrical Engineering , Mechanical Engineering , Electronics & Communication(EC)

How many experience of faculty?
The average experience of faculties is more than 6 years in Teaching, Industry and Research Domain.

Who is patronized DEPSTAR? 
DEPSTAR is patronized by IPCO Industries, headed by Philanthropist and Industrialist Shri Devang Patel.

What is managed by DEPSTAR?
The institute is managed through a think tank of technocrats, administrators, scientists and engineers, educationalists, businessmen, stakeholders and other well-wishers from all parts of the world.

What is DEPSTAR?
Devang Patel Institute of Advance Technology and Research (DEPSTAR) is a constituent of CHARUSAT.it will be an institute with advanced infrastructure, distinguished faculty, networking with global institutes and implementing most modern processes.

How many companies come for placement?
More than 20 companies are come like jaro education, BYJU'S, Berger, adani, Jeavio, TVTV, Samsung, Crest Data Systems etc.,

When CSPIT is established?
Chandubhai S Patel Institute of Technology, is the first institute established in year 2000 at Education Campus, Changa (now CHARUSAT).

How many percentage students take placements in DEPSTAR?
80% students take placements.

How many percentage students take placements in CHARUSAT?
10000+ students take placements.

How many faculty is there in CSPIT and DEPSTAR?
More than 150.

What is CHARUSAT?
CHARUSAT is one of the best university of Gujarat, offers 72 programs ranging from Undergraduate to Doctoral (PhD) under the tutelage of 9 Institutes, 6 Faculties, various Centers / Cells. 

How many strength of Employees and Students?
An employee strength of 550+, student strength of more than 7500.

Is There is any festival is celebrating or not?
Yes, There are many festival celebrating like Vrund , cognizance, spoural etc.,

Who is the Principal of DEPSTAR?
Dr. Amit Ganatra is a Dean of Faculty of Technology & Engineering and principal of DEPSTAR.

What is the capacity of Hostels?
The hostels have a housing capacity for 1100 girls. 

What are the facilities in hostel?
AC as well Non AC accommodation is available at these Hostels.Gymnasium, Badminton and Volleyball Courts, Indoor sport like Table Tennis, Chess and Carom, separate facilities for viewing TV and reading newspapers and magazines and facilitation for celebration of various days/festivals by the hostel residents.Wholesome, nutritious food is available in the mess.Internet and Wi-Fi facility with computers, Housekeeping service and Security is also there.

Is Student's Care facility in hostel?
Yes, Facilities for medical emergencies. Resident rector and warden look after the girl students staying in the hostels.

Transportation is there?
CHARUSAT has entered into contracts for providing the commuting transport facilities to the students. Buses ply from Ahmedabad, Nadiad, Anand and Vadodara every day. For Charusat internal requirements, Charusat’s own vehicles are used. 

What is the address of college?
Charotar University of Science and Technology CHARUSAT Campus Off. Nadiad-Petlad Highway, Changa- 388421 Anand, Gujarat, India 

CHARUSAT Contact No.?
Contact No.-02697-265011 and Email id for contact is info@charusat.ac.in.

Where can I find Map of CHARUSAT college?
CHARUSAT map is <a href="https://www.charusat.ac.in/images/charusat-map.jpg">here</a> Click on link.